README.md, before:

# Arch Linux Historical Archive

See <https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Arch_Linux_Archive#Historical_Archive> for general
documentation.

## Usage

You need to configure the Internet Archive client first: <https://archive.org/services/docs/api/internetarchive/quickstart.html#configuring>

The script uploads all files for a given package name to archive.org:

    ./upload_pkg_internetarchive.py /srv/archive/packages/l/lucene++

To upload *all* packages or at least a large subset, combine `find` and `parallel`:

    find /srv/archive/packages -mindepth 2 -maxdepth 2 -type d | parallel --bar -j16 ~/upload_pkg_internetarchive.py > result.txt

The script outputs to stdout any package name it couldn't completely upload.
This may be due to archive.org load issues or rate limiting.

## How it works

- for the given package name, walk the filesystem on `orion` to find all files
  (both `*.pkg.tar.xz` and `*.sig`)

- parse .PKGINFO from the most recent package in this list to extract the pkgdesc,
  license, and upstream url

- upload all files in this list to archive.org

- if one of the files fails to upload, report the package name to stdout.  The script needs
  to be run again for this package name.

Commit message:

README: describe sqlite db record keeping
Signed-off-by: Florian Pritz <bluewind@xinu.at>

README.md, after:

# Arch Linux Historical Archive

See <https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Arch_Linux_Archive#Historical_Archive> for general
documentation.

## Usage

You need to configure the Internet Archive client first: <https://archive.org/services/docs/api/internetarchive/quickstart.html#configuring>

The script uploads all files for a given package name to archive.org:

    ./upload_pkg_internetarchive.py /srv/archive/packages/l/lucene++

To upload *all* packages or at least a large subset, combine `find` and `parallel`:

    find /srv/archive/packages -mindepth 2 -maxdepth 2 -type d | parallel --bar -j16 ~/upload_pkg_internetarchive.py > result.txt

The script outputs to stdout any package name it couldn't completely upload.
This may be due to archive.org load issues or rate limiting. It also maintains
a database so that you can run it again against all files. Files that have
already been uploaded will be skipped automatically.

## How it works

- for the given package name, walk the filesystem on `orion` to find all files
  (both `*.pkg.tar.xz` and `*.sig`)

- parse .PKGINFO from the most recent package in this list to extract the pkgdesc,
  license, and upstream url

- upload all files in this list to archive.org

- if one of the files fails to upload, report the package name to stdout.  The script needs
  to be run again for this package name. The status is recorded in an sqlite
  database and used to skip successful uploads on the next run.
